# Number Shuffling

# Description

It's time we learn the usage of pseudo-random numbers.

Given a series of numbers, you should shuffle them with the help of ``srand`` and ``rand`` **according to the following steps**.

## Example: Shuffle {1, 2, 3, 4, 5}

Suppose we have been given a series of number ``{6, 7, 8, 9, 10}``. Then we would need a loop achieve our goal.

- Firstly, we select a number randomly among the target range ``{6, 7, 8, 9, 10}``.
  + To achieve this, obtain a random number ranging from ``[0]`` to ``[4]`` as the randomly selected index. Say the selected index is ``[3]``. Then the selected number is ``series[3]``, namely ``9``.
  + Then we swap ``9`` with the last number in the target range, namely ``10``. In this way we randomly place ``9`` in the position of index ``[4]``.
- Secondly, we select a number randomly among a second target range ``{6, 7, 8, 10}``. The last number ``9``, which has been processed, will not get involved any more.
  + Similarly, select a random index ranging from ``[0]`` to ``[3]``, say ``[0]``. Then the selected number would be ``series[0]``, namely ``6``.
  + Then we swap ``6`` with ``10``, the last number in the target range.
- Thirdly, we select a number randomly among a third target range ``{10, 7, 8}`` and place it in the last place.
- ...

|loop count|target range|max index|random index|selected number|current series|
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1 | {6, 7, 8, 9, 10} | 4 | 3 | 9  | {6, 7, 8, 10, 9} |
| 2 | {6, 7, 8, 10}    | 3 | 0 | 6  | {10, 7, 8, 6, 9} |
| 3 | {10, 7, 8}       | 2 | 0 | 10 | {8, 7, 10, 6, 9} |
| 4 | {8, 7}           | 1 | 1 | 7  | {8, 7, 10, 6, 9} |

In this way, we are able to obtain a shuffled series of numbers like ``{8, 7, 10, 6, 9}``.

## Set Seed

``Seed`` is a non-negative integer that corresponds to a series of pseudo-random numbers. Whenever ``seed`` is set to a fixed integer, say ``666666``, the generated series of numbers would always be the same, say ``4 99 43 23 32 100 ...``.

In C, we use function ``srand`` to set this seed. Include ``<stdlib.h>`` before using it. The seed is supposed to be set **no more than one time** except for some specific purpose.

In this assignment, we would use the seed provided in the input. However, in practical application, we use some other seed sources. It is popular to use function ``time`` (declared in ``<time.h>``) to obtain a seed.

```
// in practical application, not in this assignment!
#include <time.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
unsigned seed = (unsigned)time(0);
srand(seed);

```

## Obtain Random Number

After including ``<stdlib.h>``, simply call ``rand``. It would return a pseudo-random number ranging from ``0`` to ``RAND_MAX``. We may modify the range using ``operator %`` and ``operator +``. The random number generated by ``rand`` may be said to be of bad quality, but it is no big deal for this assignment.

For more information, check out P124 ~ P128 of your textbook and visit <a href="http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/cstdlib/srand/", target="_blank">cplusplus</a> or <a href="http://en.cppreference.com/w/c/numeric/random/srand", target="_blank">cppreference</a>

# Details

## Input

In the first line of the input is an ``n`` \\((1 \le n \le 10 )\\) indicating how many numbers there are in the series.

The second line contains ``n`` integers separated by a space, representing the series of numbers to shuffle.

In the third line is the seed we should use.

## Output

In this assignment, we should shuffle the series twice **independently**, and output the respective shuffled series.

**Independently** means that the two output series come from the **same origin** (the input series).

For the first time, we would shuffle ``{6, 7, 8, 9, 10}`` and output the result, say ``{8, 7, 10, 6, 9}``.

For the second time, we should shuffle the same series ``{6, 7, 8, 9, 10}`` and output a new result, say ``{7, 6, 8, 9, 10}``.

Since our algorithm modifies the source series, you might want to make and operate on a copy of the input series. <a href="http://en.cppreference.com/w/c/string/byte/memcpy" target="_blank">``memcpy``</a> in ``<string.h>`` may be useful.

Note:

- I know some of you are so clever and knowledgable as to have mastered other better functions or algorithms. They may also be correct or even better when it comes to shuffling a series of numbers, but I regret to say that this assignment is aimed at the usage of ``srand`` and ``rand``.  

- <span style="font-size:20px; color: red;">It is suggested that you use Ubuntu when doing this assignment. It is no surprise you get a different output on your machine than that on Matrix.</span>

# Sample Input 1

```
5
6 7 8 9 10
666666

```

# Sample Output 1 (on Matrix)

```
{10, 9, 8, 7, 6}
{10, 7, 6, 8, 9}

```

# Sample Input 2

```
9
18 7 16 10 8 8 5 18 4
362931

```

# Sample Output 2 (on Matrix)

```
{7, 5, 4, 18, 18, 10, 8, 16, 8}
{8, 5, 10, 4, 7, 18, 18, 8, 16}

```

# Further

- How would you get pseudo-random real numbers ranging from [0, 1] using ``rand`` ?
- How would you get pseudo-random integers ranging from [0, ``largerNum``] using ``rand`` ? (where ``largerNum`` is larger than ``RAND_MAX``)
